hey guys here's a quick review on the
toshiba satellite privacy 850 laptop
computer currently this is selling in
australia for around the $400 mark and
this is the bottom of the range model
featuring the seller on b20 processor
with 2 gigs of ram and 320 gig hard
drive for today's standards that's a
little bit low but let me reassure you
that the Celeron processor is quite
snappy and comparable to maybe the first
generation of the i3 processor from two
years ago quickly for those who are
technically minded they can say that the
experience index is 4.4 and their
calculations per second on the processor
is 5.3 which is quite impressive as
opposed to the 4.5 that we had on the
previous version of the cell around on
the toshiba c 650 that i reviewed a
couple of years ago ok now for the rest
of the stuff we'll start from the top we
have a 0.3 megapixel camera with the
microphone or jewel more preferred with
noise cancellation which is a nice touch
don't expect high definition video and
of this one this is just a standard
definition with pixels of 640 by 480
which is good enough for a regular net
conversation or skype but nothing major
with HD video there which is to be
expected being a budget computer well on
up here I can show you the actual design
and the texture of the laptop the whole
thing has been designed in a top of
matte finish and which gets a little bit
better as we go down and down the bottom
we have the little nice textured feel
which also does not attract any
fingerprints and it feels kind of like a
dashboard on a modern vehicle in the
middle there we have
regular 15.6 inch LED screen powered
with the Intel HD graphics the screen is
pretty bright and contrasty and it does
allow for some 3d gaming but nothing
major like Call of Duty or anything like
that but minecraft should work quite
well also while we're on the subject of
the screen I can show you that the
function keys up the top neo can be
pressed individually by just tapping the
K for instance if I was to put up the
brightness you can see on the screen
that you know just the brightness
without actually pressing the FN key on
the bottom this is adjustable in the
BIOS settings so it is a personal
preference but it is a nice touch that
you can quickly touch the bottom to
adjust the brightness and also have your
volume controls and Wi-Fi and media
functions as well ok moving down we have
relatively small hinges but they are
quite strong and then we have the
speaker grille up the top with the tiny
little speakers and on the right hand
side as well
there's the power button no other
buttons are all up there which is fine
and these little speakers here are much
more later than they used to be on the
previous version the previous version we
had to put the equalizer right up so we
can hear something out of him but they
speakers are much more leather than the
version that was previously introduced
in the C 650 no the cable itself has
also been improved I remember last year
when I was doing the other review of the
earlier model when he did press the key
in the middle there you can feel that
some of the keys around that were
pushing down as well but this time
around a much more sturdy and more firm
so you will have no problem typing or
touch typing there and we have two
full-size numeric keypad on the right
hand side as well the touch pad also has
that textured feel which feels quite
nice as well and the down
lose any grip whatsoever and you don't
get any fingerprint marks of all and
also you know that with time this will
not wear out as it did with the previous
Toshiba models where you had the little
clear spot in the middle if you were to
resell the computer it looked pretty
ugly and the value would have dropped
quite dramatically but I can I'll show
you that this laptop would look brand
new even after three years of use and
the buttons also they have that textured
feel with a nice shiny surrounding and
it's quite large as well very
comfortable also completely adjustable
with the built-in synaptic software if
we move on to the side okay we can see
there are many more improvements over
the previous model the thickness of the
laptop at its thickest point it's two
point two centimeters or roughly around
0.86 inches and it does feel even more
thinner than what it is because of the
lip that goes down some of the features
that we have on the side are pretty
standard for a notebook at this this age
we have our Kensington lock we have our
hex head exhaust we have our VGA port
Ethernet HDMI is a welcome feature this
time around also we have two USB ports
one of them is the earlier USB 2 version
and then we have the USB 3 version which
is the blue one there that's a very
lovely touch Boyett - shaver to
incorporate that even in this budget
version as usual we have our headphone
and microphone jack so most likely
nobody would be using the microphone
jack but it's there if it's needed
moving to the front there's not much at
the front again but we do have a card
reader which only reads SD cards and
nothing else and then we have three LED
lights which is the Wi-Fi
power on
and charging status of the battery there
is no hard drive activity light
unfortunately so you wouldn't know if
your hard drive is being thrashed moving
on to the other side there's nothing
else there on the left hand side the
only thing that we do have Visia or
cd/dvd burner and another USB port and
also the AC power jack the DVD burner is
a little bit flimsy when you press the
button to try and get it out because the
placement of that button is a little bit
below but nevertheless you can you will
get used thought after all are so it's
not a big problem well I have a look at
the lid also the lid has the same
textured field as the touchpad as well
so you won't be getting many
fingerprints there and also on the
bottom of the laptop we have our six
cell battery which should get you
roughly around two to two-and-a-half
hours worth of battery life maybe up to
three hours if you have to Toshiba eco
utility turned on and here is a large
compartment which allows everybody to
just unscrew one screw right there take
the cover off and easily upgrade your
RAM and also the hard drive which sits
across there well that's the review of
the she bossy 850 if you have any
questions leave a comment below I hope
you enjoyed the video thanks for
watching